src/content/docs/configuration.mdx, before:

---
title: Configuration Guide
description: Learn how to configure and customize Orbit
---

# Configuration Guide

This guide covers all configuration options and customization possibilities in Orbit.

## Environment Variables

### Required Variables
```env
# PocketBase URL
PUBLIC_POCKETBASE_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8090

# Application Settings
PUBLIC_APP_NAME="Orbit"
PUBLIC_APP_URL="http://localhost:5173"

# Email Configuration
SMTP_HOST=smtp.example.com
SMTP_PORT=587
SMTP_USERNAME=your-username
SMTP_PASSWORD=your-password
SMTP_FROM=noreply@example.com
```

### Optional Variables
```env
# Microsoft Teams Integration
TEAMS_WEBHOOK_URL=https://outlook.office.com/webhook/...

# Development Settings
DEBUG=true
LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

## PocketBase Configuration

### Admin Dashboard Settings
1. Access admin dashboard at `http://localhost:8090/_/`
2. Configure the following sections:
   - Authentication providers
   - File storage
   - Email settings
   - API rules

### Collection Settings

#### Users Collection
```json
{
  "name": "users",
  "type": "auth",
  "fields": [
    {
      "name": "name",
      "type": "text",
      "required": true
    },
    {
      "name": "avatar",
      "type": "file"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Organizations Collection
```json
{
  "name": "organizations",
  "type": "base",
  "fields": [
    {
      "name": "name",
      "type": "text",
      "required": true
    },
    {
      "name": "members",
      "type": "relation",
      "options": {
        "collectionId": "users"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Frontend Customization

### Theme Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/theme.ts
export const theme = {
  colors: {
    primary: '#4F46E5',
    secondary: '#10B981',
    // Add custom colors
  },
  // Add other theme settings
}
```

### Layout Customization
```typescript
// src/routes/+layout.ts
export const layout = {
  sidebar: {
    width: '250px',
    collapsedWidth: '64px'
  },
  header: {
    height: '64px'
  }
}
```

## Calendar Configuration

### Schedule-X Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/calendar.ts
export const calendarConfig = {
  locale: 'en-US',
  firstDayOfWeek: 0,
  views: ['month', 'week', 'day'],
  defaultView: 'month'
}
```

## Notification Settings

### Email Templates
Location: `src/lib/email-templates/`

#### Invitation Email
```html
<!-- invitation.html -->
<h1>Welcome to {{organizationName}}</h1>
<p>You've been invited to join {{organizationName}} on Orbit.</p>
<a href="{{inviteUrl}}">Accept Invitation</a>
```

### Microsoft Teams Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/notifications/teams.ts
export const teamsConfig = {
  messageTemplate: {
    title: '{{eventType}}',
    text: '{{eventDescription}}',
    // Add other template settings
  }
}
```

## Security Configuration

### Authentication Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/auth.ts
export const authConfig = {
  tokenExpiration: '7d',
  passwordPolicy: {
    minLength: 8,
    requireNumbers: true,
    requireSpecialChars: true
  }
}
```

### CORS Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/cors.ts
export const corsConfig = {
  origin: ['http://localhost:5173'],
  methods: ['GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE', 'PATCH'],
  credentials: true
}
```

## Performance Optimization

### Caching Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/cache.ts
export const cacheConfig = {
  ttl: 3600,
  storage: 'localStorage',
  prefix: 'orbit:'
}
```

### API Rate Limiting
```typescript
// src/lib/rate-limit.ts
export const rateLimitConfig = {
  window: '1m',
  max: 100,
  message: 'Too many requests'
}
```

## Deployment Configuration

### Production Settings
```env
NODE_ENV=production
PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://your-domain.com
PUBLIC_POCKETBASE_URL=https://api.your-domain.com
```

### Build Configuration
```json
{
  "build": {
    "outDir": "build",
    "target": "esnext",
    "sourcemap": false
  }
}
```

## Monitoring Configuration

### Error Tracking
```typescript
// src/lib/monitoring.ts
export const monitoringConfig = {
  errorReporting: {
    enabled: true,
    sampleRate: 0.1
  },
  performance: {
    enabled: true,
    trackResources: true
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Rename project from Orbit to Bitor, updating all references in configuration, documentation, and assets. Remove obsolete logo files and adjust Docker deployment instructions accordingly.

src/content/docs/configuration.mdx, after:

---
title: Configuration Guide
description: Learn how to configure and customize Bitor
---

# Configuration Guide

This guide covers all configuration options and customization possibilities in Bitor.

## Environment Variables

### Required Variables
```env
# PocketBase URL
PUBLIC_POCKETBASE_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8090

# Application Settings
PUBLIC_APP_NAME="Bitor"
PUBLIC_APP_URL="http://localhost:5173"

# Email Configuration
SMTP_HOST=smtp.example.com
SMTP_PORT=587
SMTP_USERNAME=your-username
SMTP_PASSWORD=your-password
SMTP_FROM=noreply@example.com
```

### Optional Variables
```env
# Microsoft Teams Integration
TEAMS_WEBHOOK_URL=https://outlook.office.com/webhook/...

# Development Settings
DEBUG=true
LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

## PocketBase Configuration

### Admin Dashboard Settings
1. Access admin dashboard at `http://localhost:8090/_/`
2. Configure the following sections:
   - Authentication providers
   - File storage
   - Email settings
   - API rules

### Collection Settings

#### Users Collection
```json
{
  "name": "users",
  "type": "auth",
  "fields": [
    {
      "name": "name",
      "type": "text",
      "required": true
    },
    {
      "name": "avatar",
      "type": "file"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Organizations Collection
```json
{
  "name": "organizations",
  "type": "base",
  "fields": [
    {
      "name": "name",
      "type": "text",
      "required": true
    },
    {
      "name": "members",
      "type": "relation",
      "options": {
        "collectionId": "users"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Frontend Customization

### Theme Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/theme.ts
export const theme = {
  colors: {
    primary: '#4F46E5',
    secondary: '#10B981',
    // Add custom colors
  },
  // Add other theme settings
}
```

### Layout Customization
```typescript
// src/routes/+layout.ts
export const layout = {
  sidebar: {
    width: '250px',
    collapsedWidth: '64px'
  },
  header: {
    height: '64px'
  }
}
```

## Calendar Configuration

### Schedule-X Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/calendar.ts
export const calendarConfig = {
  locale: 'en-US',
  firstDayOfWeek: 0,
  views: ['month', 'week', 'day'],
  defaultView: 'month'
}
```

## Notification Settings

### Email Templates
Location: `src/lib/email-templates/`

#### Invitation Email
```html
<!-- invitation.html -->
<h1>Welcome to {{organizationName}}</h1>
<p>You've been invited to join {{organizationName}} on Bitor.</p>
<a href="{{inviteUrl}}">Accept Invitation</a>
```

### Microsoft Teams Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/notifications/teams.ts
export const teamsConfig = {
  messageTemplate: {
    title: '{{eventType}}',
    text: '{{eventDescription}}',
    // Add other template settings
  }
}
```

## Security Configuration

### Authentication Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/auth.ts
export const authConfig = {
  tokenExpiration: '7d',
  passwordPolicy: {
    minLength: 8,
    requireNumbers: true,
    requireSpecialChars: true
  }
}
```

### CORS Configuration
```typescript
// src/lib/cors.ts
export const corsConfig = {
  origin: ['http://localhost:5173'],
  methods: ['GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE', 'PATCH'],
  credentials: true
}
```

## Performance Optimization

### Caching Settings
```typescript
// src/lib/cache.ts
export const cacheConfig = {
  ttl: 3600,
  storage: 'localStorage',
  prefix: 'bitor:'
}
```

### API Rate Limiting
```typescript
// src/lib/rate-limit.ts
export const rateLimitConfig = {
  window: '1m',
  max: 100,
  message: 'Too many requests'
}
```

## Deployment Configuration

### Production Settings
```env
NODE_ENV=production
PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://your-domain.com
PUBLIC_POCKETBASE_URL=https://api.your-domain.com
```

### Build Configuration
```json
{
  "build": {
    "outDir": "build",
    "target": "esnext",
    "sourcemap": false
  }
}
```

## Monitoring Configuration

### Error Tracking
```typescript
// src/lib/monitoring.ts
export const monitoringConfig = {
  errorReporting: {
    enabled: true,
    sampleRate: 0.1
  },
  performance: {
    enabled: true,
    trackResources: true
  }
}
```
