src/content/docs/setup-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: Setup Guide
description: Learn how to configure Orbit through the web interface
---

# Setting Up Orbit

This guide will walk you through the initial setup process using the Orbit web interface.

## Initial Login

After starting Orbit, navigate to `http://localhost:8090` in your browser.

![Initial Login Screen](../../assets/setup/setup1.png)

Enter your API key to access the dashboard.

## Dashboard Overview

Once logged in, you'll see the main dashboard.

![Dashboard Overview](../../assets/setup/setup2.png)

The dashboard provides an overview of your scanning activities and recent findings.

## Creating Your First Scan

### Step 1: Navigate to Scans
Click on the "Scans" section in the sidebar.

![Scans Section](../../assets/setup/setup3.png)

### Step 2: Create New Scan
Click the "New Scan" button in the top right corner.

![New Scan Button](/assets/setup/setup4.png)

### Step 3: Configure Scan Settings
Fill in the scan configuration:

![Scan Configuration](/assets/setup/setup5.png)

1. Enter the target URL or IP
2. Select scan type
3. Configure scan options
4. Set schedule (optional)

### Step 4: Start Scan
Click "Start Scan" to begin the scanning process.

![Start Scan](/assets/setup/setup6.png)

## Viewing Results

### Scan Progress
Monitor the scan progress in real-time.

![Scan Progress](/assets/setup/setup7.png)

### Findings
View detailed findings once the scan is complete.

![Scan Findings](/assets/setup/setup8.png)

## Managing Templates

### Accessing Templates
Navigate to the Templates section to manage your Nuclei templates.

![Templates Section](/assets/setup/setup9.png)

### Adding Custom Templates
Add your own custom templates:

![Custom Templates](/assets/setup/setup10.png)

1. Click "Add Template"
2. Upload or paste your template
3. Save and verify

## Configuration Settings

### API Settings
Configure API settings and integrations.

![API Configuration](/assets/setup/setup11.png)

### Notification Setup
Set up notifications for scan results.

![Notification Settings](/assets/setup/setup12.png)

## Best Practices

1. **Regular Updates**: Keep your templates updated
2. **Scan Scheduling**: Set up recurring scans for continuous monitoring
3. **Resource Management**: Monitor system resources during scans
4. **Template Organization**: Maintain a clear structure for custom templates

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues during setup:

1. Check the logs using `./orbit logs`
2. Verify your API key
3. Ensure all required ports are accessible
4. Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/BHIS) for support

Commit message:

Rename project from Orbit to Bitor, updating all references in configuration, documentation, and assets. Remove obsolete logo files and adjust Docker deployment instructions accordingly.

src/content/docs/setup-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: Setup Guide
description: Learn how to configure Bitor through the web interface
---

# Setting Up Bitor

This guide will walk you through the initial setup process using the Bitor web interface.

## Initial Login

After starting Bitor, navigate to `http://localhost:8090` in your browser.

![Initial Login Screen](../../assets/setup/setup1.png)

Enter your API key to access the dashboard.

## Dashboard Overview

Once logged in, you'll see the main dashboard.

![Dashboard Overview](../../assets/setup/setup2.png)

The dashboard provides an overview of your scanning activities and recent findings.

## Creating Your First Scan

### Step 1: Navigate to Scans
Click on the "Scans" section in the sidebar.

![Scans Section](../../assets/setup/setup3.png)

### Step 2: Create New Scan
Click the "New Scan" button in the top right corner.

![New Scan Button](/assets/setup/setup4.png)

### Step 3: Configure Scan Settings
Fill in the scan configuration:

![Scan Configuration](/assets/setup/setup5.png)

1. Enter the target URL or IP
2. Select scan type
3. Configure scan options
4. Set schedule (optional)

### Step 4: Start Scan
Click "Start Scan" to begin the scanning process.

![Start Scan](/assets/setup/setup6.png)

## Viewing Results

### Scan Progress
Monitor the scan progress in real-time.

![Scan Progress](/assets/setup/setup7.png)

### Findings
View detailed findings once the scan is complete.

![Scan Findings](/assets/setup/setup8.png)

## Managing Templates

### Accessing Templates
Navigate to the Templates section to manage your Nuclei templates.

![Templates Section](/assets/setup/setup9.png)

### Adding Custom Templates
Add your own custom templates:

![Custom Templates](/assets/setup/setup10.png)

1. Click "Add Template"
2. Upload or paste your template
3. Save and verify

## Configuration Settings

### API Settings
Configure API settings and integrations.

![API Configuration](/assets/setup/setup11.png)

### Notification Setup
Set up notifications for scan results.

![Notification Settings](/assets/setup/setup12.png)

## Best Practices

1. **Regular Updates**: Keep your templates updated
2. **Scan Scheduling**: Set up recurring scans for continuous monitoring
3. **Resource Management**: Monitor system resources during scans
4. **Template Organization**: Maintain a clear structure for custom templates

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues during setup:

1. Check the logs using `./bitor logs`
2. Verify your API key
3. Ensure all required ports are accessible
